# Update 4.6.0
_2022-07-29_

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### General
This update brings a wide-reaching rebalance to both User Classes and Feats, aimed at making the older Core classes more fun and engaging. 
* Emergents: Can now use their spare SP to generate Spell Cards or boost their Social Skills 
* Suppressors: Now have access to Orgia Mode by default.
* Beacons: Gained a brand new feature, "Radiant Coalescence", which grants them an exclusive Accessory with customizable bonuses

* Added a new Variant Ruling for Beacons
* Slightly adjusted the explanation for Aspects and Convicctions

* Typo and formatting fixes

## Feats
Several feats have been adjusted, revamped or removed:
* Shove: Removed
* Joust: Removed 
* Grapple: Removed 

* One in Spirit: Effect altered to: Once per round, if you hit a target's Weakness or succeed in rolling a Critical Hit, you can switch Personae as a free action.
* Glove Mastery: Effect decreased to TEC/2
* Firearm Mastery: Effect changed to: If you deal damage with a basic attack with a Firearm using its maximum listed Reach, you gain +1 DDC against that target until the start of your next turn.
* Eagle Eyes: Effect changed to: All weapons you wield have the "Snipe 1" Keyword as long as you have them equipped. If a weapon already has a Snipe keyword, add +1 to that effect. 
* Gigantic Breath: Effect changed to: All your spells with limited range gain +1 meters of reach. Skills that also hit adjacent enemies can now hit targets up to +1 meter away from the initial target. (This value increases by 1 meter per extra rank)
* Linguist: Following effect added to the standard effect: In the Metaverse, you can understand any spoken language. The Narrator may rule that you don't understand a specific language by awarding you one Aspect Point per language.
* Elemental Adept: Nuke, PSY Types added
* Durable: Effect changed to: Once per day, you can choose one Type your active Persona is not Weak against. You gain +5 Damage Reduction against that Type for 3 rounds. This is not considered a Buff effect, and stacks with Buff effects.
* Defensive Duelist: Effect changed to: When you take damage from an attack, you can double your Damage Reduction for this attack, but reduce your Damage Reduction to 0 after damage calculation, until the end of your next turn
* Charge: Effect changed to: Line Category spells you cast gain +2 range. Additionally, you can split the line of Line Category spells into two different lines, using the end point of the first line as the starting point of the second line, and the remaining range from the first line as the maximum range of the second Line. This cannot cause Line spells to hit the same target more than once. If you cast a single target spell that does not have the Line Category, you can grant it the Line Category, and replace its Range by the following effect: “Deals damage to all targets in a line between you and a point equal to this spell’s original range, halved, rounded down.” This spell still benefits from Charge.
* Merciless: Effect changed to: Once per combat, you can choose to re-roll to hit one attack you declared this turn.
* Sentinel: Effect changed to: When an enemy within range of your equipped weapon declares an attack against one target other than you, you can spend your Interrupt action to declare a basic attack against that target: If you hit, the attack targets you instead. 
* Almighty Vanguard: "+2 MAG" effect removed. 

* Steeled Resolve: Limitation changed to Can only be chosen once up to 2 times. 
* Unbreakable Spirit: Limitation changed to: Can only be chosen once. 
* Iron Will: Limitation changed to: Can only be chosen once up to 2 times.
* Fire Monk's Trance and similar Feats: Added the following limitation: Can only be activated if your active Persona possesses the <Feat's> Type.

## Spells 
* The Other Cheek: Effect changed to: If equipping this Persona would be a standard action, it becomes a Quick action instead. If equipping this Persona would be a Quick action, it becomes a Free action instead. 

### Sea of Souls
* Volume I - Fixed Nahobino's Type limitations for Calamity's Edge
* Introduced Sea of Souls Volume II, containing the Book of Rumors, new Class Feats for Sea of Souls Classes and more! This Volume will be updated with all Sea of Souls content until December, so stay tuned for more. 

You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20v4.6.0%20EN.pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page.

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!