# Update 4.5.0
_2022-07-15_

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### General
* Updated and slightly expanded the explanations on creating a Persona
* Adjusted the Contents table, fixing outdated page numbers (functionality was not affected)
* Slightly expanded the explanation of Player-Player Confidant abilities
* Typos and formatting adjustments 

## Gear
Some Gear items have been slightly tweaked to better fit their price ranges
* Storm Katana: Price decreased from 4,5 RP to 4 RP
* Balmung: Damage increased from STRd12 to STRd12 + 5
* Ote-Gine: Price decreased from 6 RP to 5 RP
* Yanyue: Price decreased from 6 RP to 5 RP
* Maki's Resolve: Damage increased from SKLd10 + 5 to SKLd10 + SKL + 5
* Dullahan: Price decreased from 8 RP to 7 RP
* Athame: Price decreased from 6 RP to 5 RP
* Grand Cutter: Added the keyword "Cast: Aeon Rain (Tier II, Page 90)"

## Spells
* Added missing "Hit:" clauses to Thunder, Nuclear, PSY, Light and Dark spells to help show at a glance which spells require a hit roll. 
* Slightly increased the damage of the Megido- line of spells. With the introduction of the Astra- spells, the classic Megido line felt a bit lackluster, specially with their added resource cost. This change is meant to make the Megido spells a viable alternative for players who don't want to lock themselves into Burst actions, but still deal competitive damage.

## Shadows
Ardha has received a small nerf: 
* STR and MAG decreased from 8 to 7
* AGI has decreased from 4 to 3
* VIT has been decreased from 7 to 6, with its HP being recalculated accordingly.
* DDC increases moved to a separate Passive effect, Paired Step
As a Judgement Shadow usually reserved for higher levels, Ardha was designed to be stronger than normal, but concerns were raised as its Base Stat Total was considerably higher than similar Shadows. These changes are meant to bring it slightly closer in-line with other Shadows, but still have a distinct offensive edge. 

### Sea of Souls
* Fixed a few misplaced "PR" references to the correct "RP" version on the Volume I PDF

### Book of Rumors
* Fixed Reiko Kashima's incorrect Spell Point allowance

### Writing Resources
* Updated the Gear Creation Guidelines with more accurate tiering estimates and Point costs

You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20v4.5.0%20EN.pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page.

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!