_2023-07-07_
# Update 4.8.13

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### Core
* Temporary Luck Charges gained at the start of combat are now only granted up to the current LCK score of the User. Example: If a User with 5 LCK has 3 Luck Charges left at the start of combat, they'll gain 2 Temporary Luck Charges, enough to bring their total to 5. If the User has "max" Luck Charges at the start of combat, no further charges are granted. (Page 44) 

* Dead Aim: Effect reworked to better fit into the new Temporary Luck Charge changes.
	* You gain ~2 extra Luck Charges~ **1 extra temporary Luck Charge** at the start of each combat, per rank. **This Luck Charge can exceed your pool of maximum Luck Charges**
	
* Rebellion: Effect reworked to better fit into the new Temporary Luck Charge changes.
	* Grants ~3~ **2 temporary** Luck Charges to **each target**
	
* Electric Chain: Effect slightly reworked:
	* Hit: MAGd4+5 Thunder damage. Spend ~~all your spells~~ **any number of spell uses from your deck**. For each spent spell, roll another attack of this spell. ~~You can pay 1 Aspect Point to avoid Repressing this spell.~~ **Spend 1 Aspect Point or Repress this spell.** 

* Strikes Twice: Effect reworked and wording standardized: 
	* Time: ~~Quick~~ **Default**
	* Effect: Spend ~~4~~ **3** Energy: Until the end of your turn, you can cast Thunder spells as Free actions. **Repress any spells cast under the effect of Strikes Twice. Damage dealt by these spells is added and considered a single instance of damage for the purpose of Hetelic Resistances. ** ~~Pay~~ **Spend** 1 Aspect Point or Repress **this spell.**
	* Strikes Twice has been a mainstay of Thunder builds for as long as it's existed, but its outdated wording and extremely powerful damage output caused several ruling and balancing issues. This change aims to keep Strikes Twice as a fun and powerful centerpiece of Thunder builds, while incurring an equivalent high cost. 

* Typo and formatting fixes 
	
### Sea of Souls III
* Piercing Eyelashes: Effect reworked.
	* +2 STR. ~-1 HDC for Physical spells~ Spells you cast that calculate damage using STR gain -1 HDC.
	* As it stood, Piercing Eyelashes granted a huge boon for Earth spells, along with select other builds that did not use Physical spells. This change is aimed to better position Piercing Eyelashes as a powerful Accessory with a particular downside. 
	
### Sea of Souls VI
* New spell Subtype: Weather! 
	* This Thunder subtype is focused on gathering Forecast counters and applying Weather effects, powerful combat-wide effects with no set duration that any User can draw from. 
	
* Added a new Feat: Weather Observatory's Breakthrough

* Added two new Shadows: Star Shiwanna and Star Haokah

* Formatting changes
	
You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!
