_2023-09-13_
# Update 4.9.5

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### Core
* Counter spells: Moved the bulk of their explanation to the Categories page, and changed spell descriptions to a simpler Counter (X%) structure
	* This change aims to save space on the already cramped Misc Spells section and avoid repetitive wording. 
	
* Dance spells: Effect reworded and expanded upon 
	* Dance – Dance spells behave similarly to Multi spells, however, if you roll a higher number than there are valid targets, you may spend 1 Energy to hit one target again, as many times as there are “remaining” targets on your roll. Ignores Weakness and Critical damage on subsequent hits to the same target. 

* Reversal: Name changed to Hyper-Counter 
* Hyper-Counter: Name changed to Reversal 
	* This is a small but noticeable consistency change to solidify the Counter and Reversal "trees" as distinct and unique amongst each other. While the spells with "Counter" in their names have a high proc chance, "Reversal" spells allow you more flexibility by casting Physical spells instead of basic attacks. 
	
* Following issues resolves: 
	* https://discord.com/channels/929162375930720276/1162993681943494756

### Sea of Souls VI
* Added new Arcana Shadows: Arcana Hierophant & Arcana Lovers (Level 8), Arcana Chariot & Arcana Justice (Level 10), Arcana Hermit (Level 12), Arcana Fortune & Arcana Strength (Level 14), Arcana Hanged Man (Level 16) 

You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!
