_2023-01-15_
# Update 4.7.6

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### Core
* Shadow Users: Similarly to Marebito, Shadow Users were often overshadowed by other Classes, and these changes aim to make them more engaging and unique.
	* Cognitive Essence: Shadow Users have fields for Natural Abilities ~~, Spell Points~~ and spells independent from their Personae. These fields start empty and can be used even if the User can’t currently manifest their Personae. **Additionally, Shadow Users start the game with 3 _Shadow Spell Points_, explained below**.
	
	* Moldable Minds has been rephrased and reworked: 
	* Original: ~~When a Shadow User gains a new level, they can copy the Natural Ability of any of the party’s Personae to itself. Additionally, they gain 1 SP for themselves. This SP pool can be used to copy spells from other Personae’s decks. The Shadow User and the target Persona’s User must train together for around 15 minutes for the Shadow User to fully grasp a new Spell or Natural Skill. A Shadow User can only carry one Natural Skill (on top of its Persona’s) at a time and must forget his current copied Skill to acquire a new one.~~
	* New: **When a Shadow User gains a new Character Level, they gain Shadow Spell Points equal to their new level's Social Skill point gain (+1 on even levels, +2 on odd levels). Shadow Users can use Shadow Spell Points to copy spells from the decks of any other consenting User, and add it to their separate spell decks, ignoring Type restrictions. Additionally, once per Character Level, a Shadow User can "forget" their separate Natural Skill, if any, and copy the Natural Skill of any Personae the party currently holds. Note that this does not change the Natural Skill of the Shadow User's Persona, but rather their separate Natural Skill field, described in Cognitive Essence.**
	
	* True Form has also received a rework. The start of the feature remains the same: "Shadow Users can have two visually different forms: A humanoid form that manifests in the Universe and their true, idealized form that they can choose to manifest in the Metaverse. This change does not affect their stats in any way."
	* Original: ~~but while in the Metaverse, Shadow Users gain the Explorer feat: Consider your Discipline Tier as 2 higher for searching and rummaging in the Metaverse, also the Narrator must treat your character as constantly, passively, searching for points of interest.~~
	* New: **When creating a Shadow User, grant it the _Explorer_ Feat for no cost: _Consider your Discipline Tier as 2 higher to search, track or loot in the Metaverse; the Narrator will treat your character as constantly looking for secrets. You can re-roll any check related to searching for items or devices, once per check._ Additionally, the cognitive nature of Shadow Users grants them better control over their powers: Whenever a Shadow User casts a spell, they can choose to spend 1 Energy to grant that spell the _Realized_ keyword: This spell is then able to realistically affect the environment in the Metaverse, such as Fire spells being able to set fire to structures or Ice spells freezing liquids solid.**

##### Sea of Souls Volume I
* Bribe: Outdated reference removed

##### Sea of Souls Volume II
* Marebito: As Marebito are often overlooked in character discussion, we've decided to revisit the class to make it more interesting and viable.
	* Sycophant Drain: Marebito are closely attuned to the mental wavelengths of other Users. Once per Character Level, whenever another User gains a new spell or Skill Bonus, you can copy that spell into your Deck, regardless of Type, or add that Bonus to your **Shadow Feast tally (below).** ~~Persona’s Skill Bonus tally, respecting its limits as described on Page 53 of the core Grimoire.~~
	
	* Shadow Feast: When creating a Marebito, add a “Shadow Feast” counter to your sheet. Its upper limit is equal to ~~your Character Level~~ **3**. 
		* Removing the scaling nature of the Shadow Feast helps players keep track of their bonuses and makes balancing easier for the class.
	* ~~Upon delivering the killing blow against~~ **Whenever** a non-Ultimate, non-Tyrant Shadow **is defeated in a combat a Marebito is participating in, they can choose to trigger the following as an Interrupt:**
		* Reworking the activation of this feature makes Marebito less reliant on last-hitting and _Seize the Crown_.
	* Copy the Shadow’s Skill Bonuses into a separate Skill Bonus pool that adds together all activations of this feature. This pool is not under the same limitations as your default pool (Pg. 53). Finally, add ~~the Shadow’s Level~~ **1** to your “Shadow Feast” counter;
	* Outside of combat, you can choose to forget one bonus you gained from Shadow Feast, permanently losing that Bonus and subtracting ~~it~~ **1** from your Feast limit. This can be done once per Time block
	
	* Cognitive Glut: Penalties have been reduced as follows: 
		* ~~Reduce your Energy Limit to half its base value, rounded down.~~ At the start of each of your turns, **and each Scene outside of combat**, you lose 1d4 Energy as your Persona lashes out against you. Additionally, you suffer a Social Skill Tier ~~-3~~ -2 penalty to all checks.

	* Berserk Release: [...] At the start of your next turn, reduce your Shadow Feast limit ~~to half its value~~ **by 1** until the start of the next Time block. This penalty **stacks, but** does not apply if you are under the effect of Cognitive Glut.

	* Hunger Sated: You no longer suffer withdrawal from Suppressants. Ingesting a Suppressant instead restores 2 Energy to you **and increases your maximum Energy by 2 until the end of the _next_ Time block**~~, once per day~~. **You can only consume one unit of Suppressants per day.**

	* Angel of the Abyss: ~~Once per combat, when a Shadow is slain by another User, you may trigger the effects of Shadow Feast. This is considered an Interrupt action that does not spend your Interrupt action for the round.~~ **Increase your Shadow Feast limit by 1. Shadow Feast no longer spends your Interrupt action for the round it's activated in.** For every day you don’t consume a Suppressant item, permanently reduce your maximum Energy limit by 1 (Minimum 0).

	
You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!