_2023-09-01_
# Update 4.9.3

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### Housekeeping
* Moved the "Grimoire Update Advice" pdf to the Beginner Guides folder 

* Ordered the Beginner Guides with a numbered structure

### Core
* Warding Pendant: Now considered a Buff effect

* Intel spells: 
	* Some Intel spells have received the Buff category. This aims to bring them in-line with the previous Buff changes and avoid stacking of effects. 
		* Affected spells: Fog of War, Cloak of Shadows
	* Similarly, some Intel spells now have the Debuff category
		* Affected spells: Blind, Kaleidoscope

* Fog of War: Effect reworked 
	* Fog of War offered an impressive boost for a very low price and upkeep, surpassing most options at that bracket. 
	* Spend 1 counter. A 5-meter radius **around you** ~~is obscured to any number of targets~~ **obscures all targets within, including Shadows**. Obscured targets receive ~~+2 DDC~~ **+1 DDC**. 
	* Duration: ~~2 turns~~ **Until the end of your next turn**
	
* Kaleidoscope: Effect expanded
	* Before performing any default action, each target has a 33% chance to fail completely, resulting in no effect. **Against targets with Hetelic Resistances, the chance for an action to fail becomes 10%.**

* Limit Breaker, Limit Breaker+ : Outdated reference removed 

* Murderous Phobia: Irrelevant "Fear" Category removed

* Following issues solved:
	* https://discord.com/channels/929162375930720276/1137405272835502080/1137405272835502080
	* https://discord.com/channels/929162375930720276/1142674897395527700/1142674897395527700
	* https://discord.com/channels/929162375930720276/1142965823472943234/1142965823472943234


### Sea of Souls VI
* Added nine new Spells: 
	* Jade-Claimed Flower (Wind T2)
	* Thorny Benevolence (PSY T2)
	* Aurous Blaze (Nuclear T3)
	* Leonine Bite (Earth T3)
	* Raincutter (Water T3)
	* Illusory Heart (Buff T3)
	* Stellaris Phantasm (Ice T5)
	* Clouds Hide the Bird's Call (Weather T5)
	* Dominus Lapidis (Light T5) 

* Added a new Weather Spell: 
	* Strata (Tier 1) 

* Added two new Feats: 
	* Burial Rites 
	* Ritualist's Feast 

You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!
