_2023-02-03_
# Update 4.7.9

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### General
* Standardized the nomenclature for Spell Cards as some sections still used the outdated *Skill* Cards instead. 

### Core
* Beacons: Rewrote some parts of their lore and Plume entries and added a clarification of their stock limit under Malleable Existence (Page 28)

* Spells: Added better explanations on refunding and learning new spells. (Page 41) 
	* Forgetting and Learning spells can be done whenever your Persona gainst a Level, or during any sleep blocks. 
	
* Combat: Clarified the limits on actions per turn: You are allowed up to one of each Quick, Movement and Default action per turn, and up to as many Free actions as you have available (Page 66). 

* Athena Kiss R: This weapon's high damage and range made it an exceedingly strong pick for all MAG-based Users. Thus, this revision aims to make it more balanced. 
	* Damage: ~~MAGd8+AGI~~ *MAGd4+2AGI*
	* Extra: Can attack twice per turn. *If you do, deal half damage per attack.*

#### Sea of Souls 2
* Stigma: Similarly to Athena Kiss R, Stigma scaled surprisingly well into the late-game, so a few adjustments were in order.
	* Damage: SKLd6 *+TEC*
	* Extra: Declare up to two attacks per turn. *If you do, this deals half damage per attack.* 

#### Sea of Souls 3
* Corrected the formatting on Aversa's pages to properly display the Enslaved Mirage's Passive, Dark Shackles
	* This Passive is a fundamental part of the Aversa fight, and this error stopped it from being shown correctly, creating an uneven and less interesting fight.

#### Sea of Souls 4
* Added four new versions of Nyarlathotep (Level 5 Chaotic Wretch, Level 10 Cultist of Insanity, Level 15 Great Father and Level 20 Nyarlathotep-Alpha), meant to give Users a powerful recurring villain at set Level intervals.

You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!