_2023-02-10_
# Update 4.8.0

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### General: 
* Replaced the "Spell Points" field with a Spell Card/Reward field to better detail Spell Card rewards and "drops" from bosses and other special enemies.
	* This affects Core and all current Sea of Souls Volumes (1 through 4) 

### Core
* Tyrants: Added a clarification regarding "damage-gating" (Page 153) 
	* Damage the Tyrant is Weak against raises the damage cap to 20%, much like Critical Hits. Both that Critical Hits that also deal Weakness damage do not stack to raise the cap above 20%.
	
* Several Hetelic Actions have gotten slight rebalances:	
	* Tear Down The Walls: Remove all **Buff, Charge and** Wall effects on any number of targets.
	
	* Unstoppable Vanguard: Move the Tyrant on the initiative queue to **up to 1d4 spots** ~~one spots~~ before **or after** his current action ~~or one spot after~~. Then, target one other unit and move that unit on the iniative queue **that same number of spots** ~~to one spot~~ before or after its current action. This Action takes effect on the start of the round after its cast.
	
	* Mirror Strike received a slight rework to help balance some dominant strategies introduced after damage-gating
		* ~~Tyrant~~ **Until the end of that target’s turn, every time the Tyrant takes damage, it** has a 70% chance to declare a basic attack against the attacker that deals SKLd6 + Lvl. Almighty damage on hit, **for no action cost**. ~~(SKL means the Tyrant uses MAG or STR, whichever is higher)~~
	
	* Crushing Will: The vague "if possible" clause has been removed to allow Tyrants to cheat their way out of failing checks more consistently;
		* The result is altered to make the Tyrant succeed in the check, ~~if possible~~. 
		
	* Run, Cowards!: Tyrant can cast a spell or declare an attack against the target with a +1 ~~TEC~~ **HDC** bonus.
	
	* Thorough Analysis: Player receives ~~-2 AGI~~ **-1 DDC** and has their Type interaction against a Type of the Narrator's choice changed to *Neutral* until the start of their next turn ~~and has their elemental interactions revealed to the Tyrant~~. 

* Gear: Added rules for selling gear (the default resale price is half the stated price, not rounded);

* King Frost's "King of Frost" Natural Skill: Grants ~~+2 MAG~~ *+1 MAG to you for each of your allies whose active Persona's name includes "Frost" or "Jack" (this is a Buff effect). ~~to you if an ally has Jack Frost, Pyro Jack, Black Frost or Jack Ripper as their active Persona.~~ 

* Formatting adjustments.

### Sea of Souls 1
* Artificial Users: Reworked both major features
	* In their previous incarnation, Artificials struggled to find a consistent niche that wasn't overly dependent on encounter economy or complicated HP calculations. This rework aims to give them more consistent and varied power.
	* Berserk: 
		* HP penalties are now applied at fixed 10% intervals, to a maximum of 50%. Their maximum HP is still considered their default cap for spells such as Hama or the Poisoned Status;
		* Artificial Users can choose up to five separate bonuses;
	* Amorphous Instability
		* Removed the ability to steal spells from Shadows, and replaced it with the ability to gain SP that can be spent on normal spells of the target Shadow's Types. 

* Devil Summoners: Added a limitation to Kuzunoha Tubes. Tubes have been a long time favorite of negotiation-heavy Users, but it showed itself a bit too strong during some interactions, so a mild limitation has been put in place. 
	* You gain +1 Social Tier for all negotiations, but you cannot risk a dice category higher than a d4 during negotiations. Once per day, if you succeed in a negotiation, you do not spend the action for that negotiation, **but you cannot declare negotiation again during turn.**

### Sea of Souls 2
* Artificial's Feats have been adapted to fit their new features.
	* Rebellion Arisen: ~~You gain one extra use of Berserk per day, but increase that use’s HP drain to SKLd8.~~ **Up to twice per round, you can spend 1 Energy to trigger Berserk as a free action, instead of a Quick action.**

### Sea of Souls 4
* Added a new Class Variant - The Uninvited! 
	* Inspired by a notorious User from Persona 5, the Uninvited are a variant of the Wildcard who have the unique ability to carry two Starter Personae and use them in powerful Fusions

* Added a new "Fusion Spell" system, allowing Users to join together for special combination attacks.

You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!