_2023-03-10_
# Update 4.8.4

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### Core
* Activities: Re-wrote the entirety of Page 60 to better describe which Activities can be performed during blocks and sub-blocks. 
	* Moved a small reference to income and employment from Page 60 to the start of Part VIII

* End of Days: Categories fixed: Unique, ~~Total~~ **Multi**, Nuclear, Buildup, Repress (A)

### Sea of Souls II 
* Corrected a missing header reference for the Grimoire Weapon Class. It should now be properly clickable on the PDF chapter listing.

### Sea of Souls V
* New Spell subtype: Occult. Inspired by the Revelations: Persona affinity, this offensive-oriented PSY subtype is centered around placing Ofuda counters on the target and spending them for powerful new effects. 

* Added two new Feats: Maiden's Voyage into Yomi, for Occult Users, and Lingering Memory, an Uninvited-Exclusive Feat.

* Added two new Occult Shadows: Death Tokisada (Level 9) and Sun Amaterasu (Level 11) 

* Clarified Nyx's "Phase Changes": Every time Nyx embodies a new Arcana, it also removes all effects from itself.

* Nyx's Revolution: Added a 3-round duration.

* Wormhole: Removed the "cast by Cosmic Melody" limitation to allow Wormhole to synergize with Solar Flare 

You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!
