_2023-01-20_
# Update 4.7.7

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### Core
* Tyrants and Ultimate Shadows now have an extra "damage gating" resistance (Page 153):
	* *If a Tyrant would take damage that exceeds 10% of its maximum HP, this damage is automatically reduced to deal, at most, 10% of its maximum HP. This is not a Buff effect and cannot be mitigated by any means. If this damage originates from a Critical Hit, this cap is increased to 20% for this instance of damage*
	
#### Spells
* Ghastly Wail: Effect reworked: 
	* Hit: Instantly kills targets suffering from at least one Status effect. ~~Repress: Pay 1 Aspect Point~~ **Repress and spend 1 Aspect Point** to bypass the dodge roll of each target (one per target). Against Tyrants and Ultimate Shadows,  HDC -1 and deals ~~20%~~ **10%** of the target’s current health as Status Type damage ~~instead of its normal effect.~~ **if the target is suffering at least one Status effect (this replaces the spell’s default effect)**.
	
* Banishment: Effect reworked:
	* Reduce the target to 1 HP. If this spell isn’t Nulled or Reflected, Repress. ~~Drain Light increases the target’s HP to 100%.~~ **Drain Light fully heals the target’s HP. Against Tyrants and Ultimate Personae, this spell deals 10% of the target’s maximum HP as Light damage and treats Null Light as Resist.** 
	
You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!