_2023-06-09_
# Update 4.8.10

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

### Core
* To celebrate the (accidental) announcement of Persona 3: Reload, Heat Riser has been added! This powerful Tier V Buff spell has a steep cost, but provides an immense boost in power. 
	* This update also features a commemorative cover!

### Sea of Souls III, V and VI
* Slightly changed the header of sub-type spells, such as Water, to clarify that they are still spells of their overarching Types, and don't require choosing a different Type.

### Sea of Souls VI
* Introduces the Grimoire's first official adventure: The Mysterious Train Station! 
	* With 15 pages of content, our first 'Assignment' invites new players into a strange and deadly train station. Will you manage to avoid the Guardian of Kisaragi, or will you, too, be lost in the winding corridors that await you?
	
* Added a new Optional Ruling: Rumors. 
	* Rumors can be spread during the start of an in-game week, providing useful effects to the whole party for the rest of the week. 

* Added a new feat: Inviolable Beauty 	
	* *Basic attacks you declare as Interrupt actions, such as by the effect of Polearm Mastery or Counter Category spells, can roll for Critical hits without spending Luck charges*

You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

You can check your version number and date on the upper-right corner of the Index page. Sea of Souls "Last Updated" fields are also located on the Index page. 

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!
