_2024-07-29_
# Update 4.18

[<< Home](https://grimoireofheart.github.io)

* The Core rulebook has not been updated, and will continue to display "Version 4.17" 

## Sea of Souls I
* Attendants: Reworked several features
	* Wielder of the Compendium: Decreased the cost of casting spells from other Users' decks from 2x Energy to 1x Energy 
	* Updating the Grimoire: Recovery Points can now be used to restore Energy at a 2:1 rate, and Recovery Points can be stored and used at any point until the Attendant uses a Time block for sleep. 

* Artificial Users: Amorphous Instability now explicty does not spend one of its uses upon failing to proc. 

* Innocents: Reworked several features: 
	* Vast Database: Fully reworked. Innocents may now cast any spells of Types they know by Repressing uses of spells in their decks 
	* Power of the Monoliths: Now applies Knocked Down instead of Shocked. 
	* Worlds Apart: Now grants +1 HDC until the end of the next turn upon a failed negotiation attempt to offset their negotiation penalty
	
# Sea of Souls IV
* Uninvited: Can now benefit from 	
	
## Sea of Souls VIII
* New spells: Foul Legacy (Debuff T2), Grimheart (Dark T3), Cosmic Art Hyouka (Cosmic T3), Dawn (Fire T3), Isomer 75 Type 2 (Heal T3), Icy Fangs (Ice T5), Cherry Blossom Sovereign (Thunder T5) 
	* These spells can be learned by any Users with the appropriate Types

* Added new Shadows: Corpses (Horde Lv.2), Padlock (Human Lv. 7), Moowis (Human Lv. 13)  

## Português 
* As mudanças acimas foram replicadas na versão em Português


You can find the current version of the Grimoire [here](https://github.com/grimoireofheart/grimoireofheart.github.io/raw/main/Resources/Grimoire%20of%20the%20Heart%20[Core%20Rulebook].pdf).

Big thank-you to everyone who submitted feedback for this release!

Plus, a big thank-you to our Patrons! If you'd like to donate to the Grimoire, you can find ways to do so in our #donation-info channel
